excited to be with you all today. We're going to do a reaction video, but we're going to pray for the peace of Jerusalem.
We're going to pray for the peace of Israel and for protection over this ground invasion and the civilian casualties.
We're going to pray over those. We're going to pray for protection over the peace of all the people, the innocent people that are involved in this.
We need to pray for them, that God would put a shield of protection, that they would find Jesus.
If they don't know Jesus, they would find Jesus in the midst of the chaos.
That there would be angelic visitations and manifestations of His glory even in the midst of tragedy today.
I told you all I make these videos for you to get plugged in, to get you excited about prayer, to get you sitting at His feet to know Him more, so that if you're in a dry season and you're by yourself at your house or you're on your way to work, you could put this on your phone and listen to prayer as you're going to work today or tomorrow or whatever day you're going, or if you're cooking, that this would be a time of intercessory prayer.
You pray with me and we pray with Sister Lynn here and this group of people, so I just want to encourage you all today.
It's a season to step in and go higher. It's time to go up higher with the fire. The Lord has spoken to me so strongly on Thursday.
I had a visitation from the Lord and He told me it's time to come up higher and stop being so carnal.
He said heaven is getting ready; it's invading Earth. There's a glorious outpouring that is covering.
It's going to be a massive revival that's about to take place over this land.
I want you to be a part of it. I'm excited about it. But we're going to get there through intercessory prayer.
That's how they did it in every single revival before, and that's how we're going to do it again.
Oh, how we praise you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Now, we're going to start lifting up this ground invasion into Gaza.
Chariots of God. We bind and take darkness. We are ready. In the name of Jesus, we respond to the Spirit of God.
Arizona. Yes, Lord. We are marching right with them. Angels, angels.
I'm modern day. Father told me no more. No entrance there. No attention.
Father, are you—Angels are loose and their mighty move. Hallelujah.
Yes, we will not be distracted but we will come. Let's just sing, everyone.
Let's sing right now. Hallelujah. Hold our place in the spirit here and sing in tongues.
That's actually helping. I'm processing. Oh, the Lord. The impossible.
Hallelujah. No, you don't. Hallelujah. Thank God. Praise you, Jesus.
Now, Father, where? Arabia. Syria. Plotting and planning.
We see you and we say no. You stop now. You stop it now. In the bind, your maneuvers, thank you Jesus.
I found myself saying in Hebrew while we were praying, I just listened in and there it was, Ma kara ba'layla, and that means 'what happened in the night time.'I believe we can handle what happened in the night time and stop it.
Desist in your maneuvers. Stop now. Stop it in the name of Jesus. Angels go in the name of Jesus.
In my spirit, I'm trying to get back to America, but He doesn't let me go there.
So even though I keep trying to get there, He doesn't let me go there.
So I have to just wait here. And we're actually praying in tongues.
I'm trying to get an entrance back into America. I can see this so clear.
I know what to do. Bring the two flags over here. America. Bring the flags over here.
Put them out in the front over there quickly. Some big strong men come and do that.
Hurry, big strong men. There they come. Put them over there where everybody can see them, right over there to the right.
Yes, over on the straight part. Put them really close together.
I got this in the spirit a while ago. Really close together. Hallelujah.
Oh my Jesus. Hallelujah. Yes, Father. Brother Rex, come over there by the flag and blow the shofar.
Jesus, you need that. It will come. We adore you. I believe. These are the ram's horn caught in the thicket.
They call for the Messiah. They're also a call to war. This one is the Ashkenazi.
This represents the Jews who were in diaspora in Europe and other places. This is the Yemenite.
This represents the Sephardic Jews, the ones who are on all the other parts in Yemen and the other parts.
All of Jewry is represented here and of course in the flags war and call for Messiah for the assembling of the troops, for the assembling of the soldiers, the Air Force, the Army together.
We call you the gold of America. The prayers of the saints are working with you.
The prayers of the saints are working even in the sleeper cells in America.
All hidden things be revealed in the name of Jesus. Expose them.
Expose the darkness. Just like a rat, we expose you in Jesus'name. Stop the angels.
It won't be long till the hailstones fall, till the stars in the sky—the God of justice, the God of vengeance arrives.
We got a note yesterday from someone whose brother-in-law is a border guard on the southern border in Arizona and they reported that there was a crossing of 150 Syrians into Arizona, and they're calling for jihad and a day of rage here in America.
This was just sent to us from Heather that in Chicago, a Palestinian walked into a Jewish center and shot the receptionist.
So in the name of Jesus, we are stopping this. We are called right at the right time.
We're here and we fight from here. Actually, we're there right now, calling the shots.
In the name of Jesus, lead us. You have to stop; you have to desist.
You cease and desist your maneuvering right now in the name of Jesus.
We bind you and take authority over you. You will not touch us; you will not hurt our families.
You cannot, you will not, you cannot harass us. We bind you in Jesus'name.
We cast you down; you are under our feet by the blood. We have authority over you.
There will be no calamity come nigh us. No calamity come nigh us in the name of Jesus. We're always in the right place at the right time.
We're filled with and controlled by the Holy Ghost, and we are seated with You in the heavenlies, and we take our authority right now in the name of Jesus.
You will not do this to our land. You will not do this to our people.
Any churches today that are going into worship and fellowship, you will not cause any drama in church.
We call a hedge of protection. We send angels out right now in the name of Jesus.
We bind you in the name of Jesus. You cannot terrorize. No terror comes nigh us.
The blood, the blood, the blood. All hidden things be revealed.
Large public gatherings—we call forth an exposing of any plots of wickedness that try to come against this land.
We call them exposed in the name of Jesus. Hallelujah. All hidden things be revealed.
Hallelujah. We need to call on the covenants—the covenants with God.
Yes, we have a covenant. The covenants of our patriot fathers that were made with You, God.
We have a covenant that we stand with. We stand up right now. We stand. We have a covenant with You again in Jesus'name.
Of the United States of America, the Black Robe Regiment made by all of our patriots, God, they're written before You.
We are the American people and we absolutely call on our covenant, for we are a covenant people with God.
And Israel is Your covenant people, and by Your covenant, You are bound.
We stand in the gap for America. Father, we stand in the gap for this great nation.
Father, we call on the blood of the covenant. Oh Father, let there be a repenting.
Jesus Christ of Nazareth, I thank You, Father—slain but risen again.
You stand in our battle. Hallelujah. And the singers went forth in front of the armies.
Thank You, Father. And they sang of the hesed of the Lord. Hasdo is His hesed. He's obligated to keep the covenants.
And they went forth declaring before heaven, earth, sea, and skies, and all that is in their midst, that they were a covenant people with a Creator.
And we are a covenant people. The United States of America is a covenant people.
And we are coming to our destiny that God designed, not what the enemy would try to infiltrate today.
We plead the blood of Jesus over us. No weapon formed against us shall prosper. We plead the blood. The covenant blood. Hallelujah.
Brother Bill Cloud and the Apollo astronaut have something he wants to share about America and Israel.
He's... yes, you can come up here and give him a microphone. He's the one who circled the earth.
Well, praise God. I felt a great breakthrough when we were praying together today.
I just want to say thank you for joining me. That was very powerful.
I could feel the presence of the Lord all over me when I was praying with y’all.
I'm encouraged. I believe there's power in prayer, and there's power in corporate prayer.
I know that we can pray by ourselves and get a lot accomplished.
But boy, when we come as an army, when we come as that body and we go before His throne boldly and decree and declare and bring down strongholds—tearing down strongholds, tearing down things the devil's trying to set up and saying, 'You ain't going to do it.
You don't have a right to come in and try to mess up our land. You have done too much. Thus far and no further.
No more.'He has tried to ramrod his way in now with this government and with what's going on. And we're going to turn things around.
We're going to pray and it's going to get better because I know, just like what she was talking about, we have a covenant with a God who loves us.
Our forefathers made a covenant with God saying that this would be a Christian nation.
I will stand on that too and say we are a Christian nation, and we're turning back to God.
There is an awakening unto God happening even right now. I hope you're encouraged today because I am.
Let's get excited. The joy of the Lord is our strength today.
No weapon formed against you is going to prosper. Every tongue that rises against you, you condemn it.
You've got to condemn those words that people try to speak out over your life.
I condemn those words right now in the name of Jesus. Every tongue that rises against you, you condemn it.
Say, 'Nope. You're not going to bear fruit in my life. You're not going to touch me in my house.
As for me and my house, we're going to serve the Lord.'And we're going to serve Him with all our heart, mind, soul, and strength.
Love the Lord your God with all your heart, all your mind, all your soul, and all your strength, and love your neighbor as yourself.
Remember that today. Keep a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much. He's coming soon. I just bless you all in the name of Jesus.
I bless your health and your finances and all of your mental and emotional state today, and your marriages.
There is a good day coming. This is the day the Lord has made and we will rejoice and be glad in it.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart. Jesus loves you so much and we will see you next time. You all have a blessed day. Bye-bye.